# Whoslux Decentralized Resale Marketplace

## Pre-requisites for Marketplace Transactions

### Identity Verification
Users will go through identity verification to ensure quality of the marketplace. This will also allow us to add preventative measures from having bad users coming back after being flagged for permanent ban. Having identity verification will also help deter potential fraud.

Required fields:
  - Full Legal Name
  - Birthday
  - Photo ID

_Manual approval may be required to be authorized to trade on the platform._

## Step-by-Step Transaction Process

1. **[Buyer]** Makes a purchase of an authenticated product. Buyer pays for the product cost, which will be held in escrow, and shipping fees. (Marketplace Smart Contract)
2. **[Seller]** Scans the product Tag ID, confirms verification of ownership. Seller is given a shipping label. (generated by Whoslux)
3. **[Seller]** Packs and ships the product, and the generated label will automatically notify third-party shipment tracking system and marks the product as shipped.
4. **[Buyer]** Receives the product, and scans the product Tag ID.
5. **[Buyer]** Tag ID verification was successful, Marketplace Smart Contract will automatically disperse payment to the Seller and WLXAG token will be transferred to the buyer immediately.

## Possible Scenarios and Analysis

### > Seller wants to send fake product.

Seller cannot get paid if buyer doesn’t scan the Tag ID, therefore in order to get paid, seller must send the product to the buyer.

### > Buyer wants to keep the product, doesn't scan the product.

Buyer doesn’t get WLXAG token associated to them if they don’t scan the Tag ID.

Using our Shipment Tracking Number, we can verify that buyer has received the product or not. If buyer has received the item, and is not scanning the product, then buyer won’t be able to make the next purchase. Buyer will be banned after 7 days of failing to scan the product.

### > Shipment is lost in transit
Verifiable through Postal Tracking System, and we can dispatch insurance claim through the Postal Service.

We're mitigating our risks by printing our own shipping labels, which gives us the control over verification of the shipments. If the package is lost, we can always file an insurance claim, effectively claiming our money back.
